Added admonition. (#203)
mulesoft/docs-runtime-manager: modules/ROOT/pages/lb-mapping-rules.adoc

> A pattern is a string that defines a template for matching an input text. Whatever is placed into curly brackets (`{   }`) is treated as a variable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A pattern is a string that defines a template for matching an input text. Whatever value is placed within curly brackets (`{   }`) is treated as a variable.
```

> These variables can contain only letters (a-z) and cannot contain any other characters, such as digits, slashes, etc. The variable values can contain the characters`a-z0-1.&?-_`, but can't contain slashes.

Reviewer: Only lowercase letters, or both lowercase and uppercase?

Reviewer: What is the difference between a variable, which can contain only letters, and a variable value, which can contain [the string? or do you mean a-z, 0 or 1, ., $, 7, -, and _?] `a-z0-1.$7-_`?

> These variables can contain only letters (a-z) and cannot contain any other characters, such as digits, slashes, etc. The variable values can contain the characters`a-z0-1.&?-_`, but can't contain slashes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These variables can contain only letters (a-z). The variable values can contain the characters`a-z0-1.&?-_`, but can't contain slashes.
```
or
```suggestion
These variables can contain only letters (a-z) and no other characters, such as digits, slashes, and so on. The variable values can contain the characters`a-z0-1.&?-_`, but can't contain slashes.
```

IMPORTANT: Patterns in the application URI are not currently supported.

> Suppose you set up a DNS CNAME record from  `example.com` to `_lb-name_.lb.anypointdns.net`. You can then map `app.example.com` to a different deployed CloudHub Mule application name.

Reviewer: Is it clear to your audience how the second sentence follows logically from the first? It does not to me, because I don't know how the values in the first relate to the different values in the second, but I am not your audience....

> Depending on your design, you can choose to leverage your internal redirects to your endpoints using patterns or simply literal mappings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Depending on your design, you can leverage your internal redirects to your endpoints by using either patterns or  literal mappings.
```
